doc: Crypto samples doc (#4779)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/ecdsa/README.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

The ECDSA sample shows how to sign and verify messages using SHA-256 as the hashing algorithm and the secp256r1 curve.

Overview
********

The sample follows these steps:

1. First, the sample performs initialization:

   a. The Platform Security Architecture (PSA) API is initialized.

>    #. A random ECDSA key pair is generated and imported into the PSA crypto keystore.

Reviewer: Rename it to ECC key pair (please write it all out to help with the "unknown" acronym)

@Vge0rge: Is this present in the code as well?

Reviewer 2: Indeed it is used in the code as well. So my recommendation is the same as before.

Author: Changed to ECC

>    #. A random ECDSA key pair is generated and imported into the PSA crypto keystore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   #. A random Elliptic Curve Cryptography(ECC) key pair is generated and imported into the PSA crypto keystore.
```

   #. The public key of the ECDSA key pair is imported into the PSA crypto keystore.

#. Then, ECDSA signing and verification is performed:

>    a. Signing is performed using the ECDSA key pair.

Reviewer: Signing is performed with the ECC private key

Reviewer 2: That is correct of course, but I don't create a private key in my code. I create a key pair (which obviously include the private key), so I wanted to be more consistent with the code. We can change that to:
 
  a. Signing is performed using the private key in the ECDSA key pair.

Author: Changed to suggestion above

>    a. Signing is performed using the ECDSA key pair.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   a. Signing is performed using the Elliptic Curve Cryptography(ECC) key pair.
```

Reviewer: a. Signing is performed using the private key of the Elliptic Curve Cryptography(ECC) key pair.

Author: Changed to:
a. Signing is performed using the private key of the ECC key pair.

Not spelling out ECC again as it is introduced 5 lines above.

   #. The signature is verified using the exported public key.

#. Afterwards, the sample performs cleanup:

>    a. The ECDSA key pair and public key are removed from the PSA crypto keystore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   a. The key pair and public key are removed from the PSA crypto keystore.
```
